Fix SMTP Helm values in installation guides (#1214)
astronomer/docs: software/install-azure-standard.md

For context, this `config.yaml` file will assume a set of default values for our platform that specify everything from user role definitions to the Airflow images you want to support. As you grow with Astronomer and want to customize the platform to better suit your team and use case, your `config.yaml` file is the best place to do so.

> In the newly created file, copy the example below and replace `baseDomain`, `private-root-ca`, `/etc/docker/certs.d`, and `astronomer.houston.secret` with your own values. For more example configuration files, see the [Astronomer GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/tree/master/configs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following example into the `config.yaml` file. Replace `baseDomain`, `private-root-ca`, `/etc/docker/certs.d`, and `astronomer.houston.secret` with your own values. Additional example configurations are available in the [Astronomer GitHub configs repository](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/tree/master/configs).
```
